Blog update (#308)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-07-03-cilium-empowering-k8s/index.md

---
date: '2023-07-03T11:28:00.000Z'
title: 'Cilium: Empowering Kubernetes Networking and Security'
ogImage: ogimage.png

> ogSummary: 'Dive into this step-by-step guide onCilium, and how it works'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Dive into this step-by-step guide on Cilium, and how it works'
```
